---
title: '2024'
description: '2024 Completed Tasks – Sanitized and Condensed.'
author: Asim
pubDate: 08/03/2024
rangeDate: 01/01/2024 - 08/01/2024
tags: 'work, docs, workdocs, 2024'
---

#### General & Exceptional Events
- Troubleshoot AQA processes and applications.
- Troubleshoot public services and processes during outages.
- Debug, identify, research, and resolve outages and issues related to CMS and other public-facing services.
- Provide assistance to Programming and NSA staff regarding application and service issues, including coordinating and organizing collaborative efforts and documentation.
- Provide training for technical and non-technical staff as needed.
- Provide training and technical updates to programming staff prior to taking annual leave.
- Troubleshoot and provide guidance to OPS on link color upon PDF export for meeting agendas.
- Modify Trello automation script to help OC with their reports.
- Communicate and support staff on TAS cases, educate staff as needed.
- Generate and maintain up-to-date sprint documentation.
- Provide updates to management and executives adapted to familiar processes and materials.

#### ValleyAir, Community, Intranet CMS Installations
- Run through templates and macros, fix issues based on v13 upgrade.
- Manage users.

#### DCSJ
- Confirm work to be done on vehicle list with OC.
- Sprint sheet & documentation.
- Build and stage frontend.
- Locate and provide Rebate page from 2023.

#### Intranet
- Add event calendar to Intranet main navigation.
- Create a short training video on how to create and manage event calendar entries.
- Calendar PDF preview conditional statement for modal.
- Change DB server reference.
- Make a new user account for Ryan Villane.
- Set up an intranet calendar with an entry generation process for HAL/internal events.

#### Analytics Data
- Finish GA4 property migration.
- Set up MS Clarity and connect GA4 properties.
- Compile main nav items into a spreadsheet, run GA and populate with data, distribute to Directors associated with top-level nav items.
- Compile 2023-24 Residential Wood Smoke Reduction Program website data for GB item.
- Produce a range of how many documents are posted weekly and monthly to the CMS.

#### CSR
- Build out Community landing page and child pages in ValleyAir CMS.
- Provide CMS training for CSR and OC staff.
- Review and edit Arvin/Lamont mower event materials/assets.
- Provide a short URL for Arvin/Lamont event.

#### CMS/Migration
- Look over the scaling fix during zoom in/out events.
- Events/meetings logic: update regex to match multi-day descriptions.
- 503 page for general "service unavailable".
- Add WW2 main nav to Public Permits Information Portal, set up similar to Archive.
- Work with directors on the copy and content of Online Services.

###### CMS/Migration / Document Table
- Title display issue.

###### CMS/Migration / Landing
- Background switcher.
- Research, design, and implement a solution for a full-page background.
- Adjust column height to include all public meeting list items in view on most viewport sizes.
- Add content in "Learn More" column, consult OC.
- Fix landing slider vertical sizing.
- Upcoming events modal dumping HTML in plain text.

###### CMS/Migration / Main Nav
- Review how links in navigation open, edit anything that opens in a new tab to open in the same tab.
- Add “Refinery Community and Fenceline Air Monitoring” link under "Air Quality".
- Stage most recent changes for review before propagating them to the main template.
- Alphabetize sub nav for every top-level nav item.

###### CMS/Migration / Public Meetings
- Update options to move forward – static, dynamic, hybrid, etc.
- Add exceptions/conditions for cancellations and continuations.
- Update archive public meeting table pages to fix view errors.
- Update current meeting tables to resemble the Archive meeting tables.
- Show meeting schedules on public meeting landing pages, move meeting info to a new child page.
- Add "year" label to year drop down, reduce input size and center.
- Remove "upcoming meetings" list and adjust layout.
- Solve "upcoming meetings" list.
- Additional conditional logic for every public meeting type except for Workshops: build year button list and change iframe source URL.

###### CMS/Migration / Public Meetings Macro
- Fixed cache busting method for iframe source, duplicate URL parameter and updating.
- Fixed form control zoomed-out display issues.
- Missing May on the first of May (see conditional logic).
- Remove responsive features, modify table to scale to at least iPhone Max viewport size before horizontal scrolling takes effect.
- Add all meeting dates (rows) to public meeting tables.

#### Forecast, Wildfire AQA JS Apps & Related CMS Pages
- Remove first line of content for "no current fires" per Jon K’s instructions.
- Add "clean air rooms" link to internal navigation.
- Add note below AQI maps per AQA instructions.

#### Grants
- Landing page for lawnmower trade-in events.
- Reconcile lists and send final Stockton list to group.
- Replace header image for new fork lift replacement program.

#### Archive
- Modify all archive meeting tables for all meetings, batch edit.
- Finish updating HB public meeting tables to VADS.

#### Featured Items
- Add, remove, update, modify, coordinate work on etc. various featured items on the old/static landing page per Management team instructions.

#### Kiteworks
- Configure with VADS assets.

#### ESRI
- Attend online webinar/training.
- Put together a Site (archub) based on VADS.

#### Navigations
- Remove "BPS" (permitting) from all website navigations per Brian C’s instructions.
