---
title: 'Between the Ticks'
pubDate: '02/22/2025'
updatedDate: '03/08/2025'
description: 'I am still sensing out F15 after the pre-vision of it and my first-ever experience. I have noticed when moving into new states there is a good chance I will perceive it clearly the first time but then struggle for a while after, only to improve with practice.'
author: Anton Simanov
background: '/assets/product/images/percept/p-bg-03.jpg'
---

### Wave 5, F15, Nap Time 💤

**I'm still sensing out F15 after the "preview" vision and my first-ever experience of it. I've noticed when moving into new states there's a good chance I'll perceive it clearly the first time but then struggle for a while after, only to improve with continued practice.**

#### F15

Shortly after I got into F12 I was greeted with an explanation of what we'll be doing in F15 regarding manifestation and creation. After that it felt like forever for count-up to begin F15, so I naturally used my time to invite NHI to communicate and got nothing (this is usually the case but I'm *annoyingly persistent* so...👋🏻). 

So far, when I transition to F15 I notice that the phosphene action dies out quite a bit, maybe a vague shadow here and there but it's pretty much just pure blackness and I know that my physical body is there but barely sensing anything... If I completely turn my attention away and focus on the darkness then my body ultimately melts into the background. 

To be honest, every time I enter F15 I completely blank on anything and everything, and just don't do anything... I'm pretty sure this is either super correct or completely missing the point 👍🏻. If F15 is truly the space between thoughts then I naturally do not have any desire to have thoughts and so I remain very quiet or completely silent. F12 feels like a more natural place to do manifestation work as I've done nothing but practice NVC there, and well, that's essentially what that is. If I decide on imagining/visualizing myself as already being what I desire then I am performing NVC and a core manifestation technique, to determine which one of the two is being done happens in your intent. In F15 I struggle to think of *anything*.

#### F12 

I got lost in nothingness and didn't realize that no one was gonna count me out of F15 and into F12 so I had to rush and get out when I heard "now that you're in F12" 🤦🏻‍♂️. While hanging out in F12 I thought I'd ring NHI again and so I did. It felt like I wasn't going to get anything in return again so I wasn't expecting much, basically used to being ignored at this point. 

<hr>

<div class="row p-t-1 p-l-1 p-r-1">

<div class="col-xs-12 col-md-6">
<p>Then I heard a knock... Not like in the background kind of knock but a solid knock on a wooden surface much like a door (perhaps this is in reference to my dense head). I answered but that's all there was until I saw a brief and crystal clear visualization. It was essentially "footage" of bright lights moving behind and above tree branches; the branches were bare; background was very dark and deep blue; evening or night with light pollution; it felt cold. It was incredibly brief, a few seconds, but undeniably that is what something/someone showed me (non-verbal communication). I wanted to answer back but time was out and had to drop back down into F10.</p>
</div>

<div id="update20250308" class="col-xs-12 col-md-6 p-y-1 m-b-1" style="background: light-dark(var(--set-color-base-50), var(--set-color-base-950));">
<h6>An Update: 3/8/2025</h6>
<p><strong>Exactly two weeks after receiving this vision, I witnessed it in waking life—only it happened backwards.</strong></p>
<p>It was just a little after 8 PM on Saturday (3/8/2025), and I was sitting on my back patio like I normally do every evening, sky-watching before turning in for the day. I was looking at the moon, neatly positioned in a triangle between two stars and Mars. Then, from the South, I noticed an airplane approaching, flying unusually low. After a few minutes, it disappeared behind the trees in my yard, which are just beginning to form buds (Spring has officially arrived), but otherwise remain bare.</p> 
<p>As I watched, the plane started banking to the East, weaving behind the branches. It showed off all of its lights—landing gear, left wing, right wing, and tail—exactly matching the vision I experienced two weeks ago. The only difference was the direction: this time, the aircraft moved from right to left instead of left to right.</p>
<span>🛩️</span>
</div>

</div>

<hr class="m-b-2">

**Ideas for future work received during the session or shortly thereafter:** 

- Illustration of a boombox or just a cassette player, zoomed in on cassette section with heavy and square buttons below "F10" "F12" and "F15".
- Illustration of a single-speaker retro radio with a big dial that has tick marks all around with "F10" "F12" and "F15" and "tune" written on it, all mostly black.
- A basic graphic illustrating how I perceive "F10" "F12" and "F15": outline of a body laying still while phosphene activity in head area, outline of a body laying still with a field of excited energy outlining it, black outline of a body laying still on black background while fading into the background and completely out of sight in different areas. 

