---
title: 'Self Encounter'
pubDate: '03/02/2025'
updatedDate: '03/02/2025'
description: 'Today was my first intro to Focus 21. The mission was simple: do my preparatory steps, get into F12, and wait to be counted and guided into F21. Everything went as expected, and the count up to F21 began.'
author: Anton Simanov
background: '/assets/product/images/percept/orb-bg-03.jpg'
---

### Wave 6 - F21, Unguided F21, An Aside

**Today was my first intro to Focus 21. The mission was simple: do my preparatory steps, get into F12, and wait to be counted and guided into F21. Everything went as expected, and the count up to F21 began.**

#### F21

In the intro to F21, you’re encouraged to notice and feel the difference between F12 and F21. For me, F12 feels pretty immobilizing—my body gets heavy, and I experience moderate phosphene activity that usually matches whatever I’m interacting with. As the countdown to 21 started, I felt both heavier and lighter, almost as if I were floating while being weighed down. I know that sounds contradictory, but that’s honestly how it felt.

Once in F21, you’re asked to find the bright white light of F21 and move through it. I rely mostly on feeling, so while I tried to visualize, it felt a bit clumsy. Still, as I perceived myself moving through a bright white space, my heart lifted—bursting with love, with this intense electric ⚡️sensation radiating out from it.

That was as far as I got. The countdown brought me back to F12, and I thanked the universe for this modest but entirely new experience.

#### Unguided F21 

Right after the guided session, I jumped on the Expand app for a quick 25-minute F21 to reinforce what just happened. Everything was normal: I went through F10, then F12, then into F21—basically the same process as before, with one small twist.

At some point while just observing F21, I saw myself sit up. I was in grayscale and transparent, but with far more detail than other grayscale visions I’ve had. I looked down and saw my physical body lying still, with my normal skin tone, black shirt, and my beloved flower-tortilla-patterned blanket covering my waist. The strange part was that I saw it from first-person perspective, from my left side looking at me, and from the top... all basically at the same time but it was not disorienting at all. The moment I realized what was happening, I snapped back to my physical body, noticing only the darkness behind my closed eyes (I was wearing an eye mask).

I counted out of F21, returned to F12, gave thanks for the experience, asked any NHI to come say hi 👋🏻, and counted back down to 1 to finish. 

#### An Aside

I finally managed a normal nap at the end of these sessions. Not even ten minutes in, though, my dogs woke me up by barking at neighbors who were outside watching a passing storm. The thunder felt validating somehow ⛈️