---

title: A State of Absolute Potential
pubDate: 07/26/2025
updatedDate: 07/27/2025
description: I began another 45-minute Dick Sutphen astral projection hypnosis session after laying down and quieting my mind, stating my intention to project and repeating, “Now I am having a conscious out-of-body experience.” I quickly slipped into F10, and as usual with Sutphen’s method, I went deeper and deeper. I went so deep, in fact, that I flickered in and out of random visions and moments of awareness. 
author: Anton Simanov
background: /assets/product/images/percept/orb-bg-01.jpg

---

### *A State of Absolute Potential*

**I began another 45-minute Dick Sutphen astral projection hypnosis session after laying down and quieting my mind, stating my intention to project and repeating, “Now I am having a conscious out-of-body experience.” I quickly slipped into F10, and as usual with Sutphen’s method, I went deeper and deeper. I went so deep, in fact, that I flickered in and out of random visions and moments of awareness.**

#### *Vibrations*

An interesting thing occurred this time that made me wonder if it’s a product of repetition over the past month. As chakra balancing was going on, I didn’t look for vibrations, didn’t imagine them, nor did I try to spur them on. It never works like that for me anyway. Why continue to do something that doesn’t work?

The irony here is that I can feel them, always, without a doubt. They are super responsive. But whenever I *try* to get them to vibrate, nothing happens, because they never do when I turn my attention to them. I remember popping back in after a brief click-out right as the chakra balancing section was starting. "Dang it, I missed the start! Oh well, I'll simply follow along and observe."

I'm not *doing* anything. I can't. All I'm doing is observing the climb through the chakras as they activate. All of a sudden, right when we got to the third eye chakra, I began to feel high-frequency but low-rumbling vibrations. A good friend of mine stitched this specific track together, adding binaural beats and extending the length of the session, so I know the beats come and go throughout. He did a really good job.

What’s interesting is that these vibrations didn’t come on with the binaural beats. I could tell the beats were there, but this was on top of that and far more noticeable. These vibrations were so strong that by the time we were done with the crown chakra and moved on to the exit portion, my head was ringing like a bell.

It's important to note that the usual heaviness of the physical body from going so deep was gone. I was completely disconnected, and my overall being felt lighter than air. It's hard to describe, *but I'm going to do my best*. It felt like I was a roaring rocket ship with engines on idle, and at the same time weightless, with a hint of anticipation and excitement, like being behind the wheel of a supercar ready to hit the gas.

My state was one of complete and unending energy, and at the same time, nothingness. I was, and I wasn’t. I was experiencing total wholeness, unlimited power and possibility, and yet absolutely nothing. In simple words: I was in a state of absolute potential.

I achieved this state totally consciously, and I’m grateful to have finally expressed and witnessed what feels like my truest form yet: complete awareness.

***An Aside:*** Over the past two weeks, I’ve been thinking about what an energy body looks like. Clearly, I’m still hanging on to some physical aspects of existence because I keep wondering, "What do I *really* look like?" Truth is, it doesn’t matter. Why would it, in the non-physical?

You might have a dream where you look completely different, maybe not even human. Heck, you might have a dream where you're a firetruck, like my 2-year-old has been obsessed with for months. So, with this entry, I’ve consciously decided to throw that question out of my mind and see myself as absolutely nothing. A state of potential. **A point of awareness.**

As the "exit work" began, I settled into the vibrations and felt them transform into rhythmic side-to-side bobbing. I wasn’t out yet, but this is where I’m actively practicing different things to find the method that feels natural to me. I was visualizing myself getting up from my daybed, walking to the corner of my office by the door, and facing where I was laying. I re-constructed the entire room from that vantage point. Every time I scanned over where I was physically, I made sure to include my physical body exactly as it was.

I was very comfortable with this exercise. Toward the end, I began to feel brief flashes of electricity in my field of view. I heard thuds and bumps, which is unusual for me since I rarely get auditory effects, and I felt my head and upper body lurch forward from the laying position as if my energy body was doing everything it could to get up and out.

The last part was especially interesting. It didn’t feel at all like a physical body. I knew what was moving, I felt the motion, but there was no air resistance or sense of weight. In retrospect, even though I only gave a little of my awareness to notice those things, it might have still been too much. That bit of attention might’ve kept me partially tied to the physical. Noted.

#### *In Closing*

Earlier in the week, most meditations were trending in this direction. I had another lucid dream session, albeit short (I’ve been tired in the afternoons lately) where I was briefly able to project inside my office.

There’s nothing special to the process. First, actually wake up in a lucid dream. Trust your subconscious to wake you after setting the intent before sleep. Second, when the lucid dream begins to break and you’re starting to exit, focus intently on that moment. Doing this slows it down. Then repeat the intention to project: “I want to project. I am projecting now.” Or my favorite: “Now I am having a conscious out-of-body experience.”

During this transition, I hear a very fast, rhythmic beat, like a quiet "womp womp womp" you'd associate with dubstep along with traveling down some sort of portal. 

The "fidelity" of the experience wasn’t great due to my low energy levels, and in general I feel that *consciously* induced altered states take time to develop clarity and sharpness. Spontaneous events, by contrast, remain baffling in their vividness.

**Final note:** We need a better word than "induce," because nothing about this process feels like it’s causing anything to happen.
