---

title: '"Now I Am Having a Conscious Out-of-Body Experience"'
pubDate: 06/14/2025
updatedDate: 06/15/2025
description: A little while ago I reached my latest plateau in the Gateway Tapes program. *Wave VI - Odyssey* was the last complete wave for me. Once I moved on to *Wave VII - Voyager* I realized that to have any further success beyond F21 I need to spend some serious time practicing different OBE and projection techniques in search of what works and makes the most sense for me. I already felt this coming on in a way as I've been following my intuition by doing a lot more unguided meditations rather than guided, exploring my inner spaces and beginning to ask more precise questions.
author: Anton Simanov
background: /assets/product/images/percept/p-bg-01.jpg

---

### "Now I Am Having a Conscious Out-of-Body Experience"

**A little while ago I reached my latest plateau in the Gateway Tapes program. *Wave VI - Odyssey* was the last complete wave for me. Once I moved on to *Wave VII - Voyager* I realized that to have any further success beyond F21 I need to spend some serious time practicing different OBE and projection techniques in search of what works and makes the most sense for me. I already felt this coming on in a way, as I've been following my intuition by doing a lot more unguided meditations rather than guided, exploring my inner spaces and beginning to ask more precise questions.**

#### The Gateway Experience - Free Flow Journey in Focus 21

Last week I began to do what I thought I’d do all along, but only now see and understand why. A great friend, individual, and mentor of mine has made several different sources for meditation and OBE techniques available to me for years, but I had only been focusing on the Gateway Tapes. This was by my own choice. I needed to dedicate time and space to one theme in my practice at the time.

This specific track has been the foundation of this new chapter in my exploration. I'm no stranger to plateaus, but this one... this one is different. The hunch I have is that I'm not missing anything, but rather not remembering *something*. After all, this entire journey has been more one of remembrance than a classroom. And that's perhaps why I'm doing all of this willingly, enthusiastically, and with perseverance.

So, needless to say, I’ll be continuing to practice “Free Flow Journey in Focus 21” now and again until it sticks. My preferred process right now is to use the Expand app and load F21 for 40 minutes. This way I’m doing everything at my own speed and able to explore further without limited timeframes between guided instructions.

#### Dick Sutphen

The suggestion to look into Dick Sutphen came at an interesting time. While pondering my next steps, I was examining what happened to my usually good and reliable ability to receive messages, NVC, and so forth. Lately, it also felt like some of my meditations had gone quieter for some reason. Perhaps I’m just doing different things and shifted my focus. Nonetheless, it’s been on my mind a lot in the last couple weeks. And on a day when this subject particularly preoccupied my mind, a good friend sent me a couple tracks by Dick Sutphen on this exact topic. It was completely unprovoked. We hadn’t talked about it, so that’s very neat.

##### Hypnosis - Better Receiver - Track 1

This was my first track in my exploration of getting serious with OBE. No more random experiences to rely on. Time to figure this out and get a better grip on this very real ability.

After listening to half the tape while walking around and doing things, it sounded like a recording of a talk or workshop, which is good. It focused on defining imagination and the role of memory recall. The most important takeaway from this section was that all memory is just imagination, full stop. Now, it’s not treated as “oh it’s *just* imagination,” but rather: if your memories from this life appear as simply “imagination,” then what makes memories of past lives any different, and therefore any less valid? It can be very easy to dismiss this at face value, but trust me when I say: sit with this thought for a few days.

I’m proud to mention that during an earlier part of the session, when you’re asked to silence the “babbler” in your head for a moment, I was able to do it just fine because I’ve been practicing this for a long time. I have to say though, when consciously not thinking about anything and not meditating... it’s kinda creepy and weird. And the fact that I felt that way makes me perfectly human (I think).

The second half was all about the actual hypnosis. I was very interested in this because the tracks have zero sound technology. It’s pure hypnosis by the operator, Dick Sutphen. To maximize the hypnotic effect, everything he said was in a sing-song tone with a metronome or pendulum cadence. I went into this completely blind and void of any beliefs, just an open mind with one goal: surrender to the experience. After listening to the second half of this track, I’m happy to say I’m incredibly receptive to hypnosis.

I claim to be happy about this because during the session I experienced the deepest state of whole-body relaxation and completely lost the sense of my physical body. None of this would have been possible, I believe, without all the work I’ve put into The Gateway Experience.

##### Hypnosis - Better Receiver - Track 2

**TBD.** I intend to do the first track and second track, then the first track again in one day as suggested, at a later time when I have more resources than just checking it out casually.

#### Out-of-Body Techniques by William Buhlman

I’ve been sitting on these tracks for a couple years, and I couldn’t be happier that I made the decision to focus on what I view as fundamentals—The Gateway Experience—before jumping into everything else. These tracks are much like Gateway in that they utilize binaural beats, but the techniques and action are all about OBE. The Gateway Experience doesn’t focus solely on OBE but rather on the overall being, awareness, focus states, and so on. It’s more “holistic” if that makes sense.

Right from the get-go, William Buhlman opens all of his tracks with “BREATHE DEEPLY,” and you’re more or less on your way to do whatever is suggested. Because I didn’t read the manual until the second session—I know—I didn’t expect this. So I paused, opened the Expand app, put on F10 for ten minutes, and did my usual prep before sessions. Later I found out that William Buhlman literally suggests doing just that... in the manual. 🤦🏻‍♂️

##### 01 - Carving Your OBE Intention - Body of Light

**This was an awesome intro to Buhlman's work!**

Right away you're guided to create a block of something solid. It can be a small block made out of rock or a huge blocky boulder of obsidian. The choice is yours: how big, how small, what material you visualize. Next, you are tasked with carving “NOW I AM HAVING A CONSCIOUS OUT OF BODY EXPERIENCE” in the block. I absolutely **love** this.

For me, working with more actionable prompts like this has always made sense. The intent behind it is so powerful: a permanent and immovable object in the center of my psyche that spells out my intent. It’s firm. It’s literally set in stone. It’s given the treatment of permanence. Simply, **powerful**.

The session itself, once it got going, was different and weird, but in a very good way. I had a lot of what felt like electrical interference in the form of sound, flashes, brief visions, and even looking through my closed eyes and mask. The part of this whole session that left me thinking non-stop ever since was when I was teleported to my garage gym, facing the gym equipment with my back against the shop table.

Why was that visual so impactful? Because it happened many hours earlier that morning. For about a month I’ve been doing this experiment, provided I remember to do it, or more importantly, to finish it. It’s pretty simple but difficult to get into the habit of actually following through:

* Before going on a run or an errand, close your eyes and visualize your journey, especially the destination.
* When you're at your destination, in that moment, think back to the visualization and thank yourself for “delivering” you there safely. Any variation of this is fine as long as you acknowledge your past self visualizing the exact moment you’re in.

Doing this, you are actively “closing” the recursive loop of your trip, run, errand, and so on. You’re signaling to reality: “I know how this works.” Over time, evolve your visualization to include very specific details. For example, at the bank I picture a middle-aged woman wearing a yellow hat. When you experience these specifics in waking life later, take time to appreciate and acknowledge them.

The scene that appeared in front of me was in crystal-clear detail. I had intentionally done that visualization just before my morning run. But instead of heading straight out, I stood there and took everything in at the garage gym—leaning back against the shop table. I noticed it all: Kim’s Rav4 with shop lights reflected in its moon rock greenish paint, the black horse stall mats and their rubbery stench still lingering months after installation, the squat rack with weighted vests draped over the extension arms, the yellow and black DeWalt shop fan hanging from the garage door frame directly in front of me, the leg curl machine with the backrest at 90 degrees, the slightly warm, dry air in the garage, one of the shop fans blowing a medium-strength breeze on my legs, and how my legs felt in that moment, ready to go and tired at the same time. I could go on and on. And in a white electric flash, with some buzzing afterglow, I relived that exact moment for maybe 15 seconds, as if something nudged me: “Look, there. Here’s your cute little recursive loop. Isn’t it cool?”

I’ve been thinking about that experience for nearly a week now.

##### 02 - Balloon

I clicked out aggressively several times during the second half. Not as much “electrical” action as the first track. I had a hard time keeping focus on the task. I’m not sure if I was disinterested, tired, or both.

##### 03 - Count Down Globe

More like “count down sleepy time” because I fell asleep halfway through. Sometimes it’s hard to tell the difference between clicking out and falling asleep, but I’m pretty sure I snoozed through the end of this one. I felt good afterward though.

##### 04 - Target Technique

I stayed focused and on task the entire time. On several occasions I came close to realizing OBE, and each time something happened to knock me out of the zone. Frustrating, but I accept it as necessary.

##### 05 - The Vortex

**TBD.**

##### 06 - Shamanic Method

**TBD.**

#### In Conclusion

As you see not every session in an entire week is going to be packed with intuition, visitations from wondrous beings, celestial prophecies, and ethereal space action.  

I’ve got a lot of work to do. ☺️

