---
layout: '../../layouts/Wandering.astro'
title: '20250126'
pubDate: '01/26/2025'
updatedDate: '01/26/2025'
background: '/assets/product/images/work-bw-3.jpg'
---

### Five Messages 

The process of getting into the session was about the same as previous successful ones, all went well and without any particular issue. Getting into focus 10 was fairly quick and I was able to actually reach a particularly deep sensation of focus 10. My physical body at this point was already very heavy and felt as if it was under a weighted blanket. 

When Bob started the count into focus 12, I automatically went into NVC for this process and got into focus 12 almost immediately. At this point my physical body was so tethered to my mattress that I was able to feel my non-physical body gently bobbing side to side and up and down near or within it. The sensation is very soothing and helped further deepen my expanded awareness, if that makes sense. 

#### Message 5

This one is hard to describe. It felt like a distant signal that grew louder and stronger the moment I focused my attention directly on it. I've had some practice holding random signals in focus at this point and this one felt important and purposeful (for me). At first it was a faint ***“this is real.”*** As soon as I turned my attention to it I instantly recognized the feeling behind the message. It was my dad. 

The message was a mix of English and Russian, and it went something like this: ***“I’m telling you this is reality, it’s absolutely true, without a question or doubt.”*** The message was accompanied by a strong visual of a pulsating gold/orange (goldenrod?) orb with a green glow around it in the middle of my attention to the backdrop of the void. I wanted to stay in this as long as possible. 

I became very emotional, I haven’t felt his presence in many years and here it was… undeniable, as if he was in the room with me, next to me… He’s not here in the physical space, he passed away when Ivan was born 2 years ago. As the longing to stay in this presence grew I heard Bob’s voice once again and 
it was time to move on. 

Transmission cut and back to regular program. 

#### Message 4

Nothing apparent, just observing the void. Keeping my awareness open during waking state, sometimes these show up later.  

#### Message 3

My left thumb had a rhythmic pain. It was pulsating and acute. Only lasted after I asked for this message and ended once it was time to move on. I don't know what this means yet, or if it's even anything at all.

#### Message 2

This one was a bit noisy. I’m still remembering and processing it. A vision of shopping at a grocery store, loud, harsh warehouse lights, Super Walmart maybe, noisy cart, Kim pushing it, she was wearing a dress, just us (no kids with us), very busy and crowded, turning into produce section? It was kind of on a loop of this. Busy and a little distracting. 

#### Message 1

***“You’re on the right track. You’re where you’re supposed to be.”*** Accompanied by the same pulsating visual as seen in Message 5. 