---
layout: '../../layouts/Wandering.astro'
title: '20250201'
pubDate: '02/01/2025'
updatedDate: '02/01/2025'
background: '/assets/product/images/work-bw-3.jpg'
---

### NVC II

Another round of NVC II as I am continuing to practice my nonverbal communication. I’ve been practicing these specific tapes in hopes of getting past clicking out randomly throughout different parts of the different NVC tracks. *So far...* I’m still unable to get through the entire tape without clicking out here and there, but I am getting *better*.

One of the things that I noticed particularly interesting is that I am searching for a visual voice in these circumstances much like creating a design system for an agency or a project. This isn’t so much as to help me create these images quicker, while it does help with that it’s more about grounding myself when I am communicating non-verbally. 

For example, it's easier to imagine being a sort of sorcerer 🧙 in a fixed environment (ex: open cave system against an ocean at midnight) conjuring up images in light and energy or some other example than generating a completely new and different visual for each concept. The former is more efficient and effective. 

I'm going to continue playing with this *visual voice* and see how long it takes to create a very convincing set and setting. I think grounding yourself like this in these focus levels can put a lot at ease... a lot of which we are so used to in physical that when it's pretty much missing in the non-physical creates a state of confusion, distracting your awareness from what actually matters. 

After getting into f12 I decided to experiment while I had the time. I think I'm also starting to formulate a more concrete visualization of the process/jump from f10 to f12. I begin to visualize an old boombox radio 📻 with the FM/AM scanner expanding in each direction adding countless new stations all the while I *feel* my awareness get larger, much much bigger than my own body. I then transition to a wave field flowing around Earth, and in one of the breaks I see my colors peek through and blink as if to say "hello! I'm here!" I had a few fleeting visions here and there and some of that I remember but nothing worth while, at least at this time.

#### Lucid Dream

As I exited f12 back to f10 I set an intention that I will have a lucid dream. Upon exiting completely I began a new cycle (f3, f10, sleep) to fire up a lucid dream. Sure enough I got a little one, nothing too fancy and a typical setting of my home office. I kinda played "dumb" or attempted to fool the simulation so to speak so it wouldn't be aware that I was aware but that didn't work. Soon as I was aware the lucid dream started to break down and in that moment I focused to stretch the time. I was successful. Unfortunately I was only able to stall time from lucid dream to waking moment, I did not jump off into an obe. 

Having said all of that something interesting did happen as I came to. In the last moment of the process from lucid dream to awake I saw a void with stars and then what appeared as burning with intense smoke being illuminated as it moved across making marks that resembled letters. The "smoke" was more like bright white light/energy but it was also fleeting. Anyways I couldn't make out what the marks were until the very end where it burned the number 3 a few times (3 times). 🤷 

***"3"***