---
layout: '../../layouts/Wandering.astro'
title: 'Resources'
pubDate: '01/18/2025'
updatedDate: '01/18/2025'
background: '/assets/product/images/work-bw-3.jpg'
---

### Wave IV - Adventure - NVC II 

For the most part, the training was uneventful. I kept losing track of the instructions of what to visualize and often feel myself clicking out only to hear Bob say on or off without knowing what I’m supposed to visualize or what I was visualizing or doing anything. 

Getting into focus 10 was easy and transitioning from focus 10 to focus 12 was also fairly straightforward and felt natural.

***Note: Somewhere between getting to focus 10 and getting to focus 12 I had an anomalous experience. Sometimes I'll feel as if I'm peering into scenes or things going on and I have no idea where I'm at and my perspective is all weird... and it's just interesting but nothing of note. Well this time I noticed I was looking at my closed office door, from a sitting position... the view began to slide to the bottom right (usually they do this, in the exact same direction, I don't know why), I began to follow it, it began to shrink. I focused onto the scene and was able to "go there". As the scene expanded I found myself standing in front of my closed office door... and then I was back to whatever focus state I was in and blackness/void.*** 

During focus 10, which was consisting of the training visualizing prompts, I noticed that some of the subjects which were more complicated than basic shape shapes, began to automatically appear just like the last session I had where simple objects would do the same. Having said that there are some themes and prompts that were way too abstract to materialize in such a way so I had to use visualization strictly for that. 

After getting to focus 12 and opening up to any nonverbal communication, I waited a long time. It was very difficult and felt like an eternity. My intention to begin with was to continue to search for my purpose and this time by way of finding out about my past, my ancestry, my family, especially my father’s side. I didn’t receive anything that I think is related, but the only very visual communication that I received was an open palm with what looked like either pebbles or pills. They look like they were hard. I interpreted this as perhaps there’s some information or something that’s coming down at some point either related to me or to everyone in general. The phrase, “hard to swallow” came immediately after thinking about this visual that I received. I’m not sure if it’s necessarily that or it could be a choice that I have to make (think of the first matrix movie, only problem is there were a lot of pills/pebbles to select from… not just two). 

### Lucid Dream

After this session, I decided to take a nap like I usually do on the weekends. I was successful in inducing a lucid dream, which happens fairly frequently (thankfully). In this lucid dream I was in my master-bedroom, at night, with bathroom light on. I couldn’t see anything outside. It wasn’t so much that I couldn’t see anything outside, but it was just very dark & hard to make out shapes. I could see that my garden was in the background and everything seemed pretty normal, including the condensation on the glass and the middle frame of the sliding glass door. Then the strange part... all set off as typically as it happens in these dreams. Once I figure out that the reality presented in front of me isn’t my true/typical reality (rather I can tell it's an exact copy, down to every detail but one) I begin to disintegrate & go back into my physical body. This time I was able to hold that moment. The moment of falling and being suspended in the air for much longer than normal. What this felt like was as if I was able to pause time or extremely focused into the moment... therefore stretching & manipulating time. As I was doing that, I kept hearing somebody’s voice, a female voice, repeating “time isn’t real.” As I reflect on what the entity was saying I'm not sure that's even the exact quote but it's close enough to convey the message.

So, next time I find myself in a situation where the lucid dream is occurring and I'm aware, instead of letting myself travel back to my physical body I will do the same as I did today but with a greater intent. When I focus into that moment, stopping time, set my intention to have an out of body experience or rather, as I am already having an out of body experience, an astral projection. I hear that this is a common technique but I've honestly never looked into it and have just been experimenting with each lucid dream. At first it was hard to navigate. First you establish the moment in which you make the realization that you're in the lucid dream to the moment that you feel being pulled out of it... to eventually the moment right before waking up. Now having identified this mechanism I'm able to focus into that tiny space between lucid dream and waking... and that's where the gateway is. 




